# This is an old final project I did for my Java II course along with my partners Haram Kwon and Cory Bakich.
# The Tetris game code was brought to us by Cory and I'm well aware a significant amount of it was found through an online guide or two and don't wish to take credit for the core Tetris gameplay that's in place.
# I personally added a lot of extras to the Tetris experience though, mainly being: Score counting with a progressive increase in score per row deleted as the game goes on longer, game levels and increased fall speed as the game goes on longer, and other small changes here and there like allowing down arrow to speed up the fall rate of the tetrimino. I will also say with confidence that I understood everything that went into making the Tetris game work the way it did, I read it through and through to understand how I would approach the changes I made, I also tried to change things that didn't end up working but did lead to a much better understanding of how everything was working together.
# The FXML GUI was made almost purely by myself, we didn't cover FXML or CSS in our class at all, so I spent a lot of time on my own learning how to utilize them properly, the interface is far from amazing, but was miles ahead of the default JavaFX interfaces that every other group used and I very much enjoyed learning about FXML since it felt a lot quicker to make good interfaces in compared to using regular JavaFX, learning some basic CSS on top of it was a good intro for that too.
# My partner Haram was largely in charge of the account creation and log in stuff, since I was doing all the FXML stuff though I did have to work with him to implement the account creation, logging in and out, and saving scores. So while he had a better understanding of how everything to do with accounts was working, I did have to dig in with him, and I had a decent understanding of what was being used myself as well.
# One big thing I learned that I didn't implement was using multiple FXMLControllers for each different scene in the GUI. I learned after that some of the roadblocks we faced with this program were caused by issues with new instances of the FXMLController being created with each new scene since I was doing everything from one FXMLController class. I learned this shortly after having submitted the assignment, so it never got fixed, but I will use this knowledge next time I use FXML in a Java project somewhere down the line.
# I spent a ton of time on this project and our groups was arguably the most extravagant submission of the class (Obviously there's some bias here, but it was at least the most visually impressive), so I decided it was fitting to through onto GitHub here. I definitely understand lots of online material was referenced in the creation of this project, and my group partners also both played a big part as well, so I'm not trying to present this as my purely original work, but the final project had an immense amount of my time put into it without a doubt.
